Let's make sure we can go to the product detail screen this screen here.
And for that first of all in the product detailed screen component.
Well I'll set up a component by importing react from.
React then.
In there we probably also need some things from React Native.
For example it can't really hurt to have a view and a text in here and also a style sheet.
And also the image component by the way the order of these imports here of course does not matter.
I also want to have a button in there because I want to have an Add To Cart button in here as well and
actually also a scroll view because this detail page could have a very long product description or could
be viewed on a very small device and therefore it should definitely be scroll so we can always see all
the content with that.
Here I'll add my product detail screen component again a functional component where we receive props
all set up my style sheet here with stylus you create and store it in a styles constant.
And of course export the product details screen as a default with that.
Let's start simple and return a View here with a text where we say the product detail screen which is
just there so that we can see the we successfully navigate it there.
And so that we can actually use this because we have to return J is X to have a valid component because
the first thing I want to do is adjust the navigation for Dad and the shop navigator jazz file in the
navigation folders of navigation folder.
We can import the product detail screen here from our screens folder to shop folder and there product
detailed screen.
So that's the file we just worked it off course and map this to an identifier here all name it product
detail here.
These keys as you learned in the navigation section are always up to you.
So now we mapped this screen.
This will be our starting screen because that's the first key value pair.
This is a screen we can go to though we can navigate to and to go there.
We need to go to our products overview screen and when we click on View detail this is the end the signal
that we want to go to that product detail screen.
So here in this function we can call props navigation navigate this navigate function which you learn
about in the navigation section and then there.
I showed you one syntax where you pass in a javascript object where you set up a root.
Name that could be product detail a dad will take you to the screen.
So now we save this.
We click on View details and did we go to the prime detailed screen now as an annotation in the navigation
section.
I also showed you to of course that the alternative syntax to that is that you just pass in the screen
name as a first argument to navigate.
So you can do that as well and it will just work as well if we all to test this on Android.
This is how we can go there.
Now obviously the goal is not just to go there but to also forward our data where our ideas of the product
at least so that we can load the product data inside of that component hence as a second argument here
I pass on a javascript object which will be my parents for this navigation action.
And there you can have any key value pairs you want I'll add a product I.D. field here again this name
is totally up to you though and this will be item data dot item dot I.D. because item data dot item
points at a single product which has the to look we set up here in models and this has I.D. prop so
of course we can access this here and forwarded with that and the product detailed screen we can extract
this of course that's also something you learned earlier and which you can just practice here.
We can get our product idea here by simply calling props navigation get param product I.D. and this
will extract our product I.D. from the parameters we received.
Now we can use that I.D. to get our product and of course our products are stored and Redux.
So in the end we need to import use selector here from react redux so that we can use it to select a
single product.
Our let's say select the product as constant name is of course all up to you is now selected with the
help of use selector which receives our state our redux state and then we can drill into the products
slice again that slice name is what you use here in combined with users products in my case and there
we can get access to all available products.
But of course here I don't want to load all available products but instead I can use to find method
to find a single product with that function at a pass to find which runs on every item India array where
we get the product where dysfunction returns true and it should return true if the idea of the product
I'm looking at is equal to the product I.D. I extract that from the root parameters.
This is how we select a single product and this single product can then be used here.
So here we could output select the product dot title for example if you know safety ad and we do the
details.
Indeed here is see Richard if I do that for the blue carpet I see blue carpet here.
So that's working would be nice to see that in the header as well.
And there are two options.
We could now use navigation maps props dog navigation set param here and all the Raptors in they use
a fact call of course.
That would be better to set our title with set Paramount and use it here in the navigation options which
we have to add to product detail to extract it or actually a bit easier.
We go to product overview which is where we go to that page and besides passing the product ideas we
all do pass the product title because here we have it easily available.
We get it with the help of item data of item the title.
Now we set this param as well and this makes it super easy to extract it and the product details screen
there in the navigation options we can just now add product detail screen navigation
options and this is now the functional form because we need to extract this in a dynamic way from our
root parents.
So here we get this NAF data object which also has a navigation prop we need to return our javascript
object our navigation options conflict object here Websters should be options of course and in there
we can set the header title to NAV data dot navigation dot get param product title or whatever you chose
as an identifier for this.
So here I'm using product title because in the product overview screen I'm setting this to product title
with that we're setting this header let's see where that works if we tried to go through that screen
that's looking good.
Now we also see the the title of the product here in the header that is working.
Now I mentioned earlier that we should not just be able to go there by pressing view details but maybe
also by pressing the product in general.
And for Dad we can go to the product item and there of course we have to view detail button.
But now we can wrap the entire item of course in a touchable.
And there we can use touchable opacity and wrap this entire item with touchable opacity.
So wrap this around our entire view here.
These buttons still will be triggered standalone but now we can all the press anywhere else and there
on press.
I now also want to trigger the same the view details button does I want to trigger to function we receive
on on view detail so I will simply forward this to on view detail and that with dead simple change we
can press anywhere on this item to be taken to the detail screen all is on Android Wear this however
looks a bit ugly and in general it would be nice to have a ripple effect there.
Now you all learned how you can implement this.
We need to import touchable native feedback for that and platform API so this platform object.
And now here in product item we can setup are touchable component here or whatever you want to name
it should have a capital character though so that we can use it as a j is X element and this by default
points at touchable opacity let's say.
But if platform OS X is equal to Android and the platform wording is greater or equal than 21 which
is the android version we need to support the ripple effect.
We can set touchable comp equal to touchable native feedback and now we can replace touchable opacity
down there.
With touchable CMB.
So with that variable which holds two different kinds of components depending on where it's running
and now if we do this we still have to add opacity of fact here but we have a ripple effect on Android.
However only down they are not on the image and also not respecting our rounded corners as you can maybe
see.
Now to fix the issue that is not on the image.
All we have to do is we have to change some configuration there.
We just have to add the use for ground prop here.
Now on touchable opacity this will have no effect but on touchable native feedback this makes sure that
the ripple effect does not apply to the background but actually to while the foreground which means
all the two elements that are placed on top of our touchable or inside of our touchable component.
So therefore now it is all on the image and to respect the the corners the rounded corners all actually
do this a bit differently.
I'll add the touchable component inside of my surrounding view instead of outside like that.
And now here I'll add overflow hidden on that product style which is on that view which is now around
my touchable component with that however my shadow is lost as you can tell.
And here I now even get an error that I need a single react child therefore let's actually tweak this
a little bit and let's add an extra view in here an extra view that wraps everything my entire touchable
component inside of that outer view and on that extra view will add a style of styles touchable whatever
you want to name it and this touchable style is now added down here in my style sheet.
This now gets the overflow.
Hidden prop so if we add this here and this now all the receives the same border radius we have on the
entire card so board arrays of 10 here and this will now make sure that we keep our shadow so that still
works because overflow hidden would have cropped this and now to get rid of that other error here as
well we can simply wrap yet another view around all the content inside of touchable component so that
will fulfill this criteria of having only one child item in touchable component.
And now with that we have the same behavior as before on I 2 cards by the way does not trigger this
details navigation which is good on Android.
We now also have the ripple effect which respects our rounded corners which takes us to the detail view
and to card also does not do that which it shouldn't.
So with that now we have the navigation we need.
We have to look we need here.
Now we can go to the detail page and we should now maybe make sure that this detail page looks the way
it should look.